INTRODUCTION
tdl is a lightweight program for managing a 'to-do' list of pending jobs that
you have.
    
It supports the following features :
- 1 database per directory, or per tree of directories (tdl searches up through
  parent directories to find the database, so you can have one per project, for
  example.)
- add new entries, mark them done, edit the text of entries
- add a new entry and immediately mark it done (e.g. to log tasks you did which
  you tackled immediately you got them.)
- organise the entries in a tree structure (sub-tasks of other tasks etc)
- move the tasks around and re-organise the hierarchy.
- list the tasks in the database (default listing excludes 'done' tasks, but
  these can be shown too if desired).  The listing is in colour by default, with
  monochrome output as an option.
- allows entries to be prioritised (priorities shown in different colours on
  listing).  The listing can selectively show only entries at or above a given
  priority level.
- the start time for tasks can be set, to allow for 'deferred' tasks with start
  times in the future.  Such tasks are excluded from the default listing.
- track date added and date completed for each task
- generate report of tasks completed in a given earlier time period (useful if
  you have to produce a weekly summary of your work done, for example)
- import and export entries, to allow splitting and merging of databases.
- written in C
- runs on a Linux console or in a terminal window.  It currently generates a
  coloured listing, so a colour xterm or rxvt is preferred.

The functionality and interface are heavily inspired by the program devtodo.

LICENCE
    The software is licensed under the GPL.

HOMEPAGE

    The software can be found at

    http://www.rc0.org.uk/tdl/index.html

CONTACT
    The author is Richard P. Curnow.
    He can be contacted at either of

    rc@rc0.org.uk
    richard@rrbcurnow.freeuk.com

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Ammon Riley
    Read-only mode (-R)
    tdls as a synonym for tdll
    Bug fixes

David Rhodes
    Concept for current builtin-help system

Juergen Daubert
    Manpage

Laurent Papier
    Fixing the RPM spec file

Pedro Zorzenon Neto
    Handling of database permissions
    Confirmation of quit command

taviso
    Bug fixes
   
Yaron Minsky
    Bug fix

$Header: /cvs/src/tdl/README,v 1.8 2003/05/13 21:06:13 richard Exp $

